Q1. What is Emmet ?
Ans: Emmet is a plugin and developer toolkit that helps improve HTML and CSS wokflows and speeds up work.  
     For e.g. Create an index.html page and type html:5 and you'll see whole HTML skeleton got generated.

Q2. Difference between library and framework ?
Ans: Library here means can be applied to smaller parts (for e.g. header, navigation, or any part of code)
        E.g. React can be applied to one div only and div written on top of it or below of it doesn't going 
            to be affected by it.

     While framework provides everything required to build an application ssuch complete ecommerce application

Q3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: A CDN or Content Delivery Network improves the speed of a website by placing the content in different
    servers across the globe.
    It is then delivered to the application from the nearest server.
    This process results in faster loading of the website as it 
    reduces the delivery time and the distance from the server.

    Link: https://codedamn.com/news/reactjs/cdn-in-react-js-framework

Q4. Why is React known as React ?
Ans: React is known as react becuase:
    a. It "reacts" quickly to changes without reloading the whole webpage.
    b. It uses the virtual DOM to efficiently update parts of webpage.
    c. It's built around components that "react" and update.

    Link: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-react-called-muhammad-irfan-wfrwc/

Q5. What is crossorigin in script tag ?
Ans: Crossorigin attribute provides support for CORS, defining how the element handles cross-origin requests,
    thereby enabling the configuration of the CORS requests for the element's fetched data.

    E.g. <script
            src="https://example.com/example-framework.js"
            crossorigin="anonymous">
         </script>

         You are telling a browser to execute the https://example.com/example-framework.js script
         without sending user-credentials.

Q6. What is difference between React and ReactDOM ?
Ans: React: 
        a. React is a component-based library, which means that it allows you to build your UI out of reusable components.
            This can make your code more modular and easier to maintain.

        b. ReactDOM is a DOM library, which means that it provides methods for interacting with Document Object Model(DOM).
            DOM is a tree like representation of the HTML document, and 
            ReactDOM allows you to update the DOM in response to user input or other changes in your state.

    Conclusion: 
    React is responsible for craeting React elements (document.createElement())
    while ReactDOM is responsible for rendering React elements to the DOM(rootElement.render()).

Q7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN ?
Ans:        Development Version                   Production Version
            a. Warning and Error messages         a. No warning or error messages
            b. Additional features and            b. No additional features and 
                functionality.                          functionality.

Q8. What is async and defer in javascript ?
Ans: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrHmpdORLu8

Q9. 
